Add documentation pages (#32)
datajoint/element-animal: README.md

# DataJoint Element - Animal

>  Most analysis pipelines in neuroscience begin with some information about the experiment animal subjects. This includes general information such as source, date of birth, sex, owner, and death information. In addition, many labs perform their own genotyping of the animal subjects while others rely on the animal care facility to perform it centrally. Most labs want to track the zygosity information of the animals. Those labs that perform their own genotyping need to keep track of additional information such as the breeding pairs, litters, weaning, caging, and genotyping tests.

Reviewer: Please mirror the readme from element-deeplabcut and move this information to concepts

```suggestion 
Many data pipelines in neuroscience retain information about the
experimental  subjects (e.g., date of birth, sex). For animal models, this can also
include owner, cage and sacrificing information. Many researchers also retain
genotyping information (e.g., line, zygosity). Labs that perform their own genotyping
need to keep track of even more information, such as breeding pairs, litters, and
genotyping tests. Element Animal can help researchers organize all this information in
connection with a broader experimental pipeline. 
```
